# Homomorphic-election
Homomorphic encryption is a form of encryption that allows computations to be performed on encrypted data without decrypting it first. This means that operations can be performed directly on encrypted data, and the results will be the same as if they were performed on the unencrypted data. 

Applications of homomorphic encryption include secure cloud computing, privacy-preserving data analysis, and confidential computation in scenarios where sensitive data needs to be processed while maintaining confidentiality.

In this project, I've built an election system that keeps votes private using homomorphic encryption. Think of it like magic! I've also incorporated blockchains to make sure everyone can see how many votes are in play, ensuring transparency. For encrypting votes, I've chosen Paillier encryption. It's like wrapping each vote in a special, secret cloak. This cloak not only keeps the number of votes for each group hidden until the end of the election but also adds a fun twist – even if two people vote the same way, their encrypted votes look totally different! It's like giving each vote its own unique costume and it's because Paillier has probabilistic encryption. Another cool thing about Paillier is its homomorphic encryption. Instead of decrypting votes to count them, we can perform mathematical operations on the encrypted votes directly(adding up the ecrypted votes easilly), making tallying super easy. When the election is over, we unwrap the votes with our private keys and reveal the final results. You read the section below for more details on how the project works.
